Hi, I'm Jorge de Ferro, and I'm in
a video response because I have
asked a question how do you
change the spare burner wick
petro lamps more this video
Tutorial is worth so much for models
petro plus hd 1 as for the model
full full hander 276
let's see or I'll explain how
change the spare burner and wick and
how can we change the wick and also
to the crystal is very simple we take the
hook we throw up we hold
with your hand and then this will go towards
back down and we will be confused
the back
here we have access to the one who is what
we would change and come on let's ask
what did you do to me the report burned two
meters as you can see we would throw
here
and it would come out what is all the spare that
we sell the complete spare both of the
burner like the wick or you can
change the wick you always have to have
Beware that here is a board
we would put it back here
can appreciate
we will look towards asia now it would be towards
clockwise to loosen it
counterclockwise takes here some
tabs so the camera approaches and what
you can see here and the tab here would be
to close it takes 23 of these to kansas
offer we will go down so turn and
masters clockwise to tighten and
to loosen sense before being worth
OK
and the glass for nothing we take open
backwards
we take a little open here and
we take out the glass, it's worth for that,
same
if it helps another person look a lot
better because while we throw
carefully here because this has
position here lower the camera so that
see here has a position when we go to
let this rest time the sides
so that it stays totally closed not
I will not put a code comes removes
so that you see the petro more opposite
and so it goes and here we wanted the wick
and it 's worth
notice that the wick has stayed here
it has been a little low
Y
we lost
and here we will have access to the mix well
correct
the wick we climb
and we go down
they do not throw me up
perfect for 276 models
we also upload this model
as it is a bit bigger for me it is
more comfortable worth we would pull back
It's worth it, it has nothing of the other world
and would catch'd get well again
wick we would catch
we would look at this model as it is painted
Well, it's like that painted model
we will have to do a little more strength
because a whole piece has been painted
I should have picked another model that
it's more than saying that it's much more comfortable
ok and we have the mix we will put
here again
This model to be painted costs a
a little more
the same position that we would see the wick
up and this one I hope this
information or help has been served to a
greeting